Add ability to change image size to specific aspect ratio (#551)
okkur/syna: exampleSite/content/docs/global-variables/content.md

The type is introduced to make configuring images and icons same between different fragments.

> Some fragments support resizing the images provided to them using the asset object. These fragment document the size that your image will be resized to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some fragments automatically resize images to better fit the layout. For the best result use the documented size of each fragment's asset object.
```

> Please note that images inside the `static/` directory will not be resized. So if you want to disable the image resizing, put the image in that directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*To disable image resizing use assets stored within `static/` as these are excluded from auto resizing.*
Please make sure to provide the correct size as documented for each fragment's asset object.
```

> If not, you can move the image to page or fragment directory.

Reviewer: I think that is already added within the above paragraphs.
